update docs for custom themes (#19)
TypeStrong/typedoc-site: _guides/themes.md

## Custom themes

Creating a custom theme in TypeDoc is pretty easy. Basically you copy the  [default theme directory](https://github.com/TypeStrong/typedoc-default-themes/tree/master/src/default) (from which all themes extend from) and update the parts you want to change.

> Then simply run `--themes` and pass it the path to the directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then pass a path to the theme to typedoc using the `--theme` option
```

```bash
$ typedoc --out path/to/documentation/ --theme path/to/custom-theme path/to/typescript/project/
```

> 

Reviewer: I think I'd prefer to leave the directory structure to explain what the different pieces are. It already indicates that most parts are optional.

Author: @aciccarello  sounds good, I'd be happy to add that in. I did notice that the old docs had "assets directory is mandatory" but I definitely ran it without including the assets directory so I'm going to leave that part out unless you can think of some reason it might be that I'm not considering.

> Styles are a *little* bit trickier. With handlebars templates you can simply provide your own template instead of the default and TypeDoc will compile it at build-time because every project is different. Sass files however don't change from project to project so they are compiled *before* the theme is built. This makes it possible to gain a not-insignificant speed boost when rendering docs and removes the need to bundle a sass compiler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The styles included by typedoc are then static CSS files generated by the typedoc-default-themes build, 
not the original SASS files. You may use whatever process you prefer to generate the CSS files you want to include.
```

## Custom themes

Creating a custom theme in TypeDoc is pretty easy. Basically you copy the  [default theme directory](https://github.com/TypeStrong/typedoc-default-themes/tree/master/src/default) (from which all themes extend from) and update the parts you want to change.

Then pass a path to the theme to typedoc using the `--theme` option

```bash
$ typedoc --out path/to/documentation/ --theme path/to/custom-theme path/to/typescript/project/
```

The styles included by typedoc are then static CSS files generated by the typedoc-default-themes build, 
not the original SASS files. You may use whatever process you prefer to generate the CSS files you want to include.

> This means if you want to add your own custom styles you have two options: override styles *or* compile your own sass.

Reviewer 2: Maybe add something like, "If you wanted to use the [typedoc-default-themes](https://github.com/TypeStrong/typedoc-default-themes) repo as a starting point, that means running `npm i` to get the modules installed, then running `npm run build` every time you make a change."

### Overriding styles

1. In your custom directory add your custom css to `/assets/css/override.css`

> 2. In your custom theme directory under `/layouts/default.hbs` add `<link rel="stylesheet" href="{{relativeURL "assets/css/override.css"}}">`

Author: @aciccarello  I pulled your other changes and now I can't find the old comments. I think you wanted me to remove everything from lines 46 down so that we would keep it open to them implementing however they want. Is that right?
